Steps:
1)
 Double click on ‘State’ field under data.
 Under Map tab click, edit locations and select ‘United States’.
 Drag and drop ‘Total’ to label and color under marks section.
 Select ‘Sum(total)’, right click, format, then under pane, go to default,
under numbers, go to currency(custom), decimal place to 1, display units
in Millions.
 Rename the worksheet as ‘Map’.

2)
 Drag and drop ‘Total’ to rows.
 Convert month from string to date, by right click, then change data type
and drag to column.
 Drag and drop ‘Total’ to label under marks section.
 Under marks, select sum(total), right click, format, then under pane, go to
default, under numbers, go to currency(custom), decimal place to 1, display
units in Millions.
 Right Click on Month in columns and select Month i.e. continuous.
 Rename the worksheet as ‘Line Chart’.


3)
 Drag and drop ‘Region’ to column and ‘Total’ to rows.
 Make a pie chart, selecting under ‘Show Me’.
 Drag and drop ‘Region’ & ‘Total’ to label under marks section.
 In label, sum(total) right click, quick table calculation, percent of total.
 Create calculated field, rename to ‘Zero Axis’, write code as 0, then ok.
 Drag and drop ‘Zero Axis’ twice to rows.
 Then under marks, two fields of Zero Axis will be present, go to second,
remove all fields, change the color to white then increase the size in 1st,
decrease in 2nd Zero Axis.
 Right click on second Zero Axis in rows, then click dual axis and select
Entire View in Fit tab.
 Rename the worksheet as ‘Donut Chart’.

4)
 Drag and drop ‘Category’ to rows shelf.
 Create 2 calculated fields ‘Female’ and ‘Male’.
 For female revenue, Code is – if [Gender] = ‘F’ then [Total]end - Create
same for male revenue by changing ‘F’ to ‘M’.
 Drag and drop ‘Female’ and ‘Male’ to columns shelf.
 Drag and drop ‘Zero axis’ between female and male revenue in columns.
 Select Zero Axis under Marks Section, Select Text in place of automatic
and Drag Category to text.
 Edit the Female Axis and select reversed.
 Sort the Category and select entire view in fit tab, then disable show header
in Y axis.
 Rename the ‘Zero Axis’ as ‘Category’ by editing, and remove 0 (tick tab).
 Rename the worksheet as ‘Butterfly Chart’.

5)
 Click on ‘New Dashboard’ button in the bottom left corner of the
Tableau window.
 Select floating windows under Objects, in Dashboard.
 Drag all the worksheets and drop them in the dashboard.
 Rearrange all the worksheets, once all the worksheets are added.